https://genius.com/Rico-nasty-smack-a-bitch-lyrics
Smack A Bitch
Rico Nasty
Yeah!
Yeah! (Rico)
Kenny Beats
Sugar Trap
(Rule number 1)
Don't worry about a bitch who never been in your place (Huh?)
Always move in silence, never question your fate
(Rule number 2)
Always check in on your niggas, gotta make sure they straight (Bitch!)
If I'm getting money, then you know we all got a plate (We all got a plate)
Since a baby in her tummy, mama knew I was great
(Yeah, knew I was great)
They can't play me like a dummy, they know what not to take
Fuck these niggas, 'cause the money only thing I'ma chase
Time is precious, that's the only thing I try not to waste (Yeah! Whoa!)
She hatin' 'cause I'm up, you can tell on her face (Hahaha)
I been eating so much, I've been saying my grace
When the times was rough, I would look up and pray (Yeahh)
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today (Yeah)
(Oh my fucking god)
Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Yeah! Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today (Huh?)
Yeah, whoa, smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Huh? Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Rollin' up OG, when I'm smokin' my jay (Yeah!)
New car, too fast, so I'm winning the race (Haha!)
Blast off, fast car, cool breeze in your face (Whoa!)
Don't hate on me bitch stay in your place (Lame!)
"You rap about a Audi too much" (Shut the fuck up)
Because my Audi paid off bitch, hush! (Shut the fuck up!)
Why she be yelling so much?
If I see you in the street, bitch your ass is done (Lalalalala, hahaha)
I don't need your opinion (I don't need it, bitch)
Do what I fucking want (Do what I fucking want)
You such a fucking chump (You such a fucking chump)
Pockets on swole, lump sum, damn!
Bitch, you a fucking bum (You a fucking bum!)
See you, your ass is done (Your ass is done)
Thank god I ain't–
Thank god I ain't have to smack that bitch today
Whoa, catch a case
Punch that bitch right in her face, ooh
Ayy
Yeah!
Sugar Trap!
